Didn't see it. The car still exploded.
I'm always with you. How could it be me.
Are you really following them?
It must be them. Isn’t this sensible?
Zhou Ming. Teacher Che. Zhou Ming.
Teacher Che. The car was still damaged.
What is the direction of the car? protein hat man,
Not a quickie. After they kicked you and Li Xiaofeng out of the car,
It’s about grabbing festivals. They all told me about the car in front of me.
Come quickly. good. good.
Zhou Iron is moving, Zhou Iron is moving. Done,
Done. Grab a festival.
Let me go.
Hurry up and get them both in, don't let them explode all the way up.
What to do if you call the police
Just trade and trade.
Are they allowed to continue robbing?
It's impossible
under their emotions
A bomb was reported
Both men were subdued
So-called being held down
man in white hat
There was no chance of reporting a bomb
That means the murderer has money.
As long as someone gets off the bus
Will report the bomb